I understand from my idea that the view of this time, financial position is with the availability.
Maybe not that.
Point of order, no.
In order to pay that, the witness specifies that he has a proper way of collecting copyright.
So yes, that's by unanimous consent.
If he's sending the new record, that's fine as the old lady.
I am checking that.
I suspect that he doesn't send a very nice, I like that over Mr. Colby.
I think that's a very important question of this.
These are one or two matters of this reference.
Is that a certificate from his wife?
I think this one is the very important one.
What is it, Mr. Colby?
It's this.
I think Mr. Lucas is trying to create the impression here that Mrs. that, uh, Mrs. Shine Cole, Mrs. Stevens,
instead of the other way around.
Now, when Mr. Lucas, uh, Mr. Jenkins was with Mr. Horowitz of your stamp and myself,
and Mrs. Shine and his son are with us, my office wife, have on the way up to the room.
He stated it was very clear from the call that Mrs. Stevens had Cole Shine and not by the version.
And back then, I had a witness to St. Clare and Mr. Welch's stamp about that, and I believe I won the bet.
Now, in the course of the call that the Jenkins, Mrs. Stevens said,
well, I wanted to call you.
And other words, Stevens wanted to call Shine and tell him so and so forth.
So it's very clear from the text of the call that I want to see, then to call Shine and want to call.
I think that's right there in the text. Well, I wanted to call you.
And tell you so and so forth. So I think that point should be clearly established.
Does that matter of argument, Mr. Cohen, and a matter of interpretation?
Does it pass on by the committee automatically?
Mr. Chairman, I think the role that Mr. Thomas has in order on it, if he's Mr. Jason, but ask for that.
In the end, you, Mr. Cohen, say, well, I think the witnesses are not going to make any statement he desires to make.
Do you desire to make one, Mr. Lucas? Yes, sir.
Well, my notebook does not say that, as Secretary Stevens, as my sharnier notes, did not say that,
as Secretary Stevens was returning to Shine and call.
I have looked it up, Mr. Shine called.
Secretary Stevens on 19 October at 147 C.M.
And did not speak. He left an operator's number 398.
New York City with his calling number that's on here.
Now I have to go into some questions, please.
Are you going to get around here, men?
You have questions on our table. Mr. Chairman, I have no questions asked.
You do a good thing.
Chair, I have a second round.
I'll order to ask the plaintiff.
The document to what's in the stress, the rest, and the automated part of the record.
I also asked for that, as I said.
As Senator McCullough, he's that part now that's not made part of the rite.
And the sharnier has to send that very well.
Well, we have this opportunity. Let's return to our studios across the country.
Senator Simonton, for the Chair, I have more.
Please let the call position as well.
Make it his, uh, uh, decal.
Either Mr. Shine, get called before Mr. Stevens call, or he didn't.
And I think the record should be made very clear on that.
The telephone record.
Well, the Chair understands that Mr. Lucas said,
today is pervary and a note on his cards, a chanted call.
And the current note book on this particular call is not indicated.
Who only shares the call?
That was Chair Dungeons and Directors Lucas.
Uh, Senator, the, from the secretary, uh, when a call comes in,
for the secretary, and he is not there, someone else, he calls him back.
The secretary called him back.
I've just write a little note to the secretary telling him about that.
And, uh, I have found that note.
And also, I've, I've checked with, uh, on the, uh, the, with a telephone.
Uh, slip and so on.
And there's a notation.
Uh, Mr. Shine called Mr. Stevens and left word.
Uh, uh, that case, nineteen, October, one, forty, seven.
And the incident call is not October 21?
Yes, sir.
I can be 21.
Yes?
The Chairman, why are you doing ghosts?
Uh, uh, yeah, kind of draw out.
Would you be good enough to supply for the record, the official, uh,
is there, uh, official note?
Well, I will reference to the telephone call.
It's a regular, uh, government or department.
It's a department, a slip, a blue, uh, informal member, and a slip.
Well, I think it's the appropriate, if there's any question about it,
be the fact there's a dispute in the Chairman.
I think that a photostatic coffee of that should be included, uh,
in the record at this point.
And, uh, any other person that, uh, uh, uh, uh,
uh, note statement made at that time,
and temper any of the events.
Could that be done?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
That'll be done.
Send the voice back.
No, sir.
I'll make the call.
Uh, the list I'd rather ask, but you sign, you know, the question,
or if it's the call representing you in it?
Mr. Caller's not representing me, but at this time, I have no questions, sir.
Very well, then, uh, give me a statement.
I will also pass on this Chairman first.
Uh, but, uh, what you look at, uh,
you said you just, but you have out of your files, right?
I don't know what you're referring to.
You've got a copy of this.
I've known for all of it, no time to return.
You say it took earlier for you?
Well, you're referring to the little blue memorandum that I mentioned, sir.
I'm referring to the blue call from Stephen with the shine.
Whether that is a little blue informal,
uh, what are all puts in them all, saying, uh, Mr. Shine,
or Mr. Steve, or something like that.
How does your copy differ from the copy that Mr. Jenkins mentioned from?
In the head, sir.
Can I see that?
What's this, did you, uh, well, what they said you, uh,
did you, uh, dictate the memorandum,
the monitor call from Mr. Jenkins' grant?
I don't remember the dates, sir.
You don't recall that I had...
You don't recall that?
No, sir?
I don't recall what they said.
They just said, uh, they document your hands,
they just said, uh, they document your hands and me.
One might sometimes, sir.
You know, considerably after your dictated,
they wanted to, uh, Mr. Jenkins' office.
Otherwise, first you dictated the memorandum, Mr. Jenkins' office.
Where on, you face that, uh, another copy and put it in the file.
Is that nice?
No, sir.
Well, what is the time difference, sir?
Well, on the informal memo, that was on the 19th of October,
when Mr. Shine, uh, Mr. Shine,
belongs back to our factory statement.
How could you dictating it was the Jenkins' office from,
from your, from your short hand notes,
or from the documents that you had handed me?
Uh, I wrote, uh, that transcript,
uh, and that was the better to Mr. Harwell,
Mr. Lutkis, you know, Mr. Anderson,
you had number one, you'd dictate it.
That's number random over the telephone.
Mr. Jenkins' office, that right?
No, sir, the only dictating I did was to, uh, Mr. Mims,
with Mr. Shine there. Mr. Shine, as I recall,
he couldn't have a copy of that.
And we didn't seem to have one available,
so I, uh, I, uh, I read from my notes,
and Mr. Mims, with Mr. Shine there.
At the time that the transcripts were turned over to Mr. Harwell.
Now, sometime you turned over to Mr. Harwell,
and I was the document which from which Mr. Jenkins read.
Is that right?
What, sir?
No, uh, no.
I never turned that over to Mr. Harwell.
I was a dependent over him.
No one.
Uh, I'm, how to, how to, how to, Mr. Jenkins again.
He didn't, I don't know whether he ever got it,
until, uh, this occasion.
And evidently what he has is what Mr. Mims wrote.
All right, then we get, we get back to the,
for the fact that you dictate it to Mr. Mims.
All right.
I'll start off, I ask you to listen to Mr. Mims.
I ask you whether you dictate it from your short hand notes.
At that time or not.
So we're back at that point now, when you answer that question.
Yep, sir, I did dictate it from my short hand notes.
Well, then, then later, then at that time was the document
that you now hand me in existence.
Yes, sir, but we didn't have it in hand then.
Right.
Now, isn't it a fragment of Lucas that you learned?
That Mr. Cohn, Mr. St. Clair, had considerable discussion
about other Mr. Stevens made this call,
or Mr. Schaim did, and that after you learned of that,
you then changed this memorandum, originally it says,
Secretary Stevens called, called him Dave.
Now we plan you give us memorandum.
Secretary Stevens returned call of David Schaim.
Now, isn't it a fact that this document was handed me?
Was prepared after you learned of a discussion
between Mr. Cohn and Mr. St. Clair,
about the significance of other and other mysteries,
Stevens called him Mr. Schaim.
No, sir, it was not prepared after the time that I dictated to him.
It was prepared before then.
Have you got your short hand notes with you?
No, sir, I don't.
Well, I'm going to ask the Sherrod Orderer with us
to produce the short hand notes that he will.
I think the short hand notes were produced with it
out of the time that the amount of the calls were finally
done and we got the notes down the call.
Mr. East Cameron and the harvest department,
I heard from you, advised me that these types occur.
In the present, which Cohn,
you represent Senator MacI, and Mr. Cohn,
which car, the present, Mr. Fawick, representing my past,
Mr. Lucas, that is the original notes with him.
The red is the original notes of that time.
The notes that I have and from which I read it.
Thereupon there was some considerable discussion
between Mr. Cohn and I and the Sandit and Mr. St. Claven,
Mr. St. Claven, Mr. St. Claven,
I must say, part of the advice is,
these are Mr. Cohn's position in all fairness,
correct insofar as the document from which I read is concerned,
it would appear, Mr. Chairman, that I,
sir, the notes were read to the gentleman whose name
was mentioned, Mr. Lucas, went back to the Pentagon
and I'll probably read it.
And I looked up and took into your position
other notes on the 19th.
I'm a light about that.
Yes, sir.
It was from the information that you gathered from your notes
as a 19th, as well as the notes that you read to Mr.
Harwich, Mr. St. Claven, Mr. Cohn,
that you compiled the document from which you read.
I read that to public correct, is it not that light, Mr. St. Claven?
I'm sorry, I didn't say you were that kind of person.
I'm a part of a big question.
Mr. Jenkins, it was from the information
that you gathered from your notes of the 19th,
as well as the notes that you read to Mr. Harwich.
Mr. St. Claven and Mr. Cohn,
that you compiled as a document that you read,
I think that's probably correct.
Here's a lot said right, Mr. St. Claven.
I would say, presently, Mr. Jenkins,
my memory and situation is this.
We present it all of the notebooks of Mr.
Lutus, the name of Mark by Mr. Harwich,
initialed and dated, I believe.
Then came the question about whether or not we could have
paying consent to make these available to you.
And at that time, Mr. Cohn, Mr. Carly,
I was there and that's all that we had expected would be there.
Not really, we did not expect, Mr.
Shine would be there and we did not bring the transcript
as his talk along.
With the shine, it turned out it was in the Senate Office building
and was available to a phone call,
and I believe Mr. Cohn called him,
and he came up to the room and signed the consent
about what I have said.
We're up on, all we had there was a notebook.
I did not have the transcriptions with me,
because I did not anticipate that
private shine would be there.
I'm sure Mr. Lutus will either correct me if I'm wrong
or confirm it if I'm right, to keep that down
and dictated from his notes to Mr. Smith.
And I believe that must be the end of the copy that you have.
No request was made for our transcript.
I believe you, as far as understanding,
that your committee was satisfied with the transcript
you have in your hands.
I will say that the transcript that has been read
from by Mr. Lutus was in existence before I even came to Washington.
We just didn't have it with us in the Senate Office building
that day because we did not anticipate the private shine
would then be available to consent to.
He was there, so he did the next best thing,
namely, reading notes.
Chairman, that thing is here.
I was at the House, I can't explain it to you.
Of course, that's right.
I'm going to have a meeting.
I'm going to have a meeting with Mr. Lutus.
Mr. Lutus, do you mind anything in your notebook,
of a 21st, to indicate that the Stevens
of returning, he called the day of change,
not in the static graphic notes,
not in the static graphic notes book,
on that call, on the page where that call was.
As I recall, I don't remember.
Just you know.
In the notebook, I have no way of it, knowing.
Mr. Harvest, have you heard of the notebook?
Do you know the original notebook, right now?
When you produce those, and I don't book?
Yes, sir.
Now, the afternoon,
the outside, is it?
A little bit different, sir.
I'll tell you how it here is.
But you have here by 130, so we can go over
before the session too far.
Yes, sir, if I can.
I'm going to call your attention, Mr. Lutus.
To the language in this, and that, you know,
this doesn't indicate positively that this was no return
of a call, but rather an original call.
Well, trying down the middle of the page, Mr. Stevens,
followed a little hazy and moneless,
that perfectly all right to the flight.
He's referring to the flight of the 20th, man.
Did you know that?
Yes, sir, like that, sir.
I would rather have talked to you in person
than to call you on the phone,
but since I didn't get to you in person,
and I am about to leave on a Christmas trip to California.
And, look, I wanted to call you and tell you,
doesn't make it very clear that Mr. Stevens
is making a call.
Yes, sir?
Well, now, when you picked up something in the 19th,
and transferred back to a 21st after
you had picked out the original law,
did you then know that Mr. Cheyne had made a call
to Mr. Stevens?
So, the purpose of talking about the trip to Monmouth,
that we made the trip to Monmouth the following day,
and that we freely discussed practically everything
with Mr. Stevens and I took to Monmouth.
So, this was not a return of a phone call.
Are you aware of those facts?
Well, some of them, what is the question, sir?
It's a long, long take.
All right, we'll start over.
At the time you picked up the notation from the 19th,
did you inquire of anyone
as to why that phone call was made?
I don't understand.
At the time I picked up the notation of the 19th.
Yes.
When you took that, I'm certain it was that on the 21st.
I still don't understand the question, sir.
You know, well, now, you've got your thoughts of Mr. Stevens
on the 21st, was returning a call of the 19th, am I right?
Well, I made this new transfer,
that I made, I wrote down that Secretary Stevens
returned the call of David Cheyne.
So you know, what made you change your mind?
After you took that original document,
from you know, saying Secretary Stevens called and called him Dave.
What made you change that to your next document,
which you say Secretary Stevens returned the call of David Cheyne?
What made you change your mind?
Your question has turned into the timing of the two transcripts
that I've followed here today, is the one that I first made.
The other one is the result of my having dictated
that Mrs. Limbs at a later point.
Let me show you an attention to certain testimony,
and I won't ask you if you were aware of this before the second document is prepared.
The testimony of Secretary Stevens from April 23rd.
When was your next contact with a staff?
Well, David Cheyne called me up on the 21st of October.
I think that was the next day.
First of all, and what was the study on education by David Cheyne?
Well, David Cheyne still, I think, hovers the hope.
Now, we say that he should do some special jobs and investigation, rather than.
Now, is there anything in this to indicate that Dave was calling Bob Stevens
on the 21st, hovers the hope that he could get some job
and go to the case of Stephen's calling time saying we've arranged a birth for you to finish your ability?
Which is a time in which we have some questions.
That's another long question.
Sorry, I couldn't follow it.
What do you mean by, is there any way in the next ten minutes go round?
If you have any questions?
No questions.
I'll send them in the comments.
And the pilot and the Jackson, one question.
After you dictated to Mrs. Mamm,
the note from your shorthand note,
the transcription of this telephone conversation of October 21st,
did you then read the typed copy that she prepared?
No, sir, I've never seen the one that said you dictated prepared.
I dictated it and then I understand that I heard it right here.
Yes, but I have to understand a very simple question.
You dictated it to her and then after she typed it out, did you then read the typed written copy?
Well, sir, I have never seen that type written copy.
Well, then after you dictated it, you did not see it again until you heard the transcription read
by the Comforter Committee of this year and this morning.
That's correct.
That's the next time that I heard it here.
Let me just ask you one further question.
Can you say whether you dictated to her the caption as it appears in the copy before you,
the one that you said that you had transcribed earlier?
I don't believe I dictated the Secretary Steven's call, Mr. Shine.
I'm a little hazy on that. I don't recall.
You can't recall one way or the other.
I have to recall that I did call attention to the fact that I wrote down Dave in the note for a tipley in the game.
I didn't see him call him Dave. I do that occasionally.
It isn't exactly what Mr. Steven said.
In case the Secretary writing a letter might want to know how to address the letter,
he's going, so I would have it there.
You're no children. He said Dave and you just automatically had a shine on.
No, I wrote Dave, but I have down Secretary Steven's place to call to let you shine, I believe.
I'm not sure.
I think it's kind of important, but can you say whether or not you dictated to Mrs. Mim,
that Secretary Steven's return, Mr. Shine's call?
I just don't remember.
You have no recollection. You didn't read the copy after it was transcribed.
I'll try to do that.
I don't wonder.
Okay. I'll take you up and listen back to what you said.
Mr. Steven said that, in your attention, that Robert Shine had called Mr. Steven's on the 19th from a Memorandum.
Now, you filed a Memorandum of that time?
Yes, sir.
And when did you prepare your transcripts?
I bought four on it.
At some time in March, it was long before I turned these transcripts over to Lizzie Memorandum, a catch-to-your-no-foot,
or how did you have to recall that Memorandum?
Well, I had it in a very large pack of memos in my desk, sir.
Did you go through all your faults, determine whether it was a return fall or whether it was in the initial fall?
When with the other calls that you've testified, you hear.
Well, I got those either from my demographic notes book, or from Little Summary's.
We're rather your demographic note book designation.
It was a return fall.
As I recall now, sir, it doesn't designate.
My impression is it could very well have simply a time, and maybe Shine or Dave Shine or say something of that sort with no particular detail.
Well, Senator Potter, the handling of the telephone is a very fast-moving thing.
Sometimes the conversation has started, and you don't have time to write out all the things.
I can appreciate that, but I'm just curious to know how you handle your Memorandum.
I know in my office that the return call comes in on one day, and I can't return the call until the next.
I left on my desk. After returning the call, I destroyed the Memorandum.
I was wondering if the same thing applied in general.
That same sort of thing applies.
On the 19th, the way that this month has happened, I was right-in-out to the secretary saying that Shine calls such as that time, and when the return call, down the bottom left-hand corner, I indicate how to get the operator, how to make the return call.
So if I'm not there, whoever gets that memo from the secretary, would know how to do it.
There have been no records, but there have been no record of it, and you're kind of graphics book.
Does that correct? Well, it's not in the 19th. Does that be a record of it?
Their twitter could not be a record of it. It may be that our phone operator after the call came in, might have given me a little fluke, liver, something saying Mr. Shine call, or I might have been there.
If I was on the phone, taking down the information, it would be in my notebook. If I did not happen to be there when that original incoming call came in, why somebody else may have told me about it or given me a slip of paper.
But then from whatever source I had, I just nominated, then I write a little flu-interofered memo to the secretary. I found that they blew Interofer's memo.
I also checked with a phone record that one of our switchboards and found out that Mr. Shine said, I didn't have the time, and it's definitely on this blue memo, the 147 CM.
But I found out from the other records that was the time Mr. Shine called and left word. He did not say he just called and left word, did he want to return call?
Do you know of your own knowledge, whether that was a recurrent call, whether it was a call that the secretary initiated on a bus stand or something?
Well, the secretary would not always be likely to say, return the call of Mr. Shine. He probably said, get Mr. Shine or let's go at that.
He wouldn't make a point of whether he was returning a man's call or calling him.
I wonder if it's certainly not all of the time I would have been able to see the over-40-mile point.
Are you getting here if you will start at no specific as the beginning of the conversation?
He was allegedly returning call, and he was getting you all, and he said, I'm calling you up.
He said, he said, he's not.
He's not necessarily the solicitation, he's the crediallocation of preceding conversation. I think if you look at that, you may find him your shorthand book letter when you return call it up.
I don't take them down in shorthand.
Well, I'll probably ask that other question.
That was made up of time. I understand that's a little.
Is that right? Yes, sir.
That was made up of any of the Smiths at call? Yes, sir. And that's in the file?
At first.
You mean you have the second set, one made up of the 19th and one of the 21st?
No, sir. There's a slip for the 19th, telling the secretary, Mr. Cheyenne called and one of the return calls.
On the 21st, Mr. Stevens probably said, get Cheyenne.
I'll be clear in the next.
Good, sir.
I think I have a formula that looks like it is Haselow, where the wording of the caption of the respective documents immediately.
Mr. Harvest, first present.
He has a remarkable memory for detail.
He has been explained to the satisfaction of Mr. Sankhler, Mr. Colm, and of the public generally, and for Mr. Cheyenne.
In a meeting, sir, the man of the public that Mr. Harvest, beyond television, I now want the pleasure of introducing Mr. Harvest, the messy explain.
As Dr. Sankhler has said to the other square, Mr. Harvest, he's only remembered the fact that he hasn't been sworn. He's really happy that he's here.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Mr. Thomas, Mr. Lieutenant, may I say a little, I think it's a good thing to put Mr. Harvest on.
I will want Mr. Ternukh to hear, because there's something very...
Right, Mr. Ternukh, Mr. Ternukh, Mr. Ternukh, Mr. Ternukh, Mr. Ternukh, Mr. Ternukh, Mr. Ternukh, Mr. Harvest, I'm very raffined about this phone call set up. I'd like to get it.
You soundly for the testimony you're about to give, Mr. Ternukh.
The whole truth is that nothing but the truth is that I do.
It's all this, and you may proceed to tell us in your own way what you recall of the meetings at which time in the loop is decaying these phones all.
And he had not had been finished long since.
The only fact that I do not recall exactly is that transaction is the exact date that it took place.
It took place either on the first or the second year of the OSMAT.
We went up following the hearing to room 457 in this building.
There was presence that might self-represented the community.
Mr. Welsh, Mr. Sinclair, representing the department of the Army, Mr. Cohen is there representing Senator McCartney and his staff.
At the very beginning, Mr. Welsh raised the question whether this call was the call to me at this point was not a violation of Section 505 of Title 47.
After some discussion, we're ready for a limited consent to the hearing in which the parties would consent to these calls,
we've shown them the need for transmission of Mr. Jenkins and for no other purpose at that time.
This document was signed by Mr. Welsh on behalf of the department of the Army, Mr. Sinclair, Mr. Adams, and which is on the Mr. Cohen on behalf of Senator McCartney, Mr. Carr and himself.
At that point, the notebook and certain transfers.
.